[Music]
then Jonah prayed to the Lord his God
from the fish's belly I cried out to the
Lord because of my affliction and he
answered me out of the belly of Sheol I
cried and you heard my voice for you
cast me into the deep into the heart of
the Seas and the floods surrounded me
all your billows and your waves passed
over me then I said I have been cast out
of your sight yet I will look again
toward your holy temple the water
surrounded me even to my soul the deep
closed around me weeds were wrapped
around my head I went down to the
moorings of the mountains the earth with
its bars closed behind me forever
you have brought up my life from the pit
o Lord my God when my soul fainted
within me I remembered
and my prayer went up to you into your
holy temple those who regard worthless
idols forsake their own mercy but I will
sacrifice to you with the voice of
Thanksgiving I will pay what I have
found
[Music]
salvation is of the Lord
so the Lord spoke to the fish and it
vomited Jonah onto dry land
[Applause]